https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puHSU9ZaZPY&ab_channel=AdamRagusea

```
I was sous-chef at a fantastic Thai restaurant doing upscale street food, very briefly. Here are some pointers:

First, don't par-boil the rice noodles. Soak them in cold water for an hour, then in a basket splash them in boiling water for literally 1-2 seconds before throwing into the pan once your protein, veg and eggs are 90% ready. Fry them until a bit dry, and then finish with the sauce, green onions, and some bean sprouts. This is how you get that firm noodle that is so important to a good pad thai.  Otherwise the noodles will be a bit slimy or sticky.

Second: My Thai chef started literally every dish done on the stove with a neutral oil and browned garlic. Be careful not to burn it, but get medium-gold to permeate that nutty taste through the whole dish. The chicken coming straight out of the fridge should cool the pan enough to prevent it burning, but it should be a dark brown by the time the noodles go in. It is counter-intuitive for French-trained chefs like me because we're told to never over-cook garlic, but apparently it is key for Thai street food.

Third: This is more personal preference (as all things I suppose), but don't use a stick-free pan and instead beat the egg with chopsticks right in the pan. It has a different taste when the yolks and whites cook separately. I don't worry about them drying out because the water from the noodles and sauce should prevent that, and they're supposed to provide a complex texture anyway.

Fourth: Use bean sprouts in the pan and also as garnish.

Otherwise you've got a really good approach here. I wouldn't ever do more than one portion at a time at home! Even with an industrial kitchen we would do no more than 3, and usually only 2. Quality will always be better with fewer portions because you really don't want everything to get a chance to over-steam itself (there is the goopy noodle problem again).

So next time try soaking the noodles in cold water for an hour and just splashing them in boiling water for a second, and also browning the garlic. I bet you'll be even more pleased with your results :)
```
